#summary Bug reports, Known issues

=Bug reporting guidelines=

For the time being, we don't use our own issue tracking site. Instead, you can use Chromium project's tracking system at http://crbug.com/. When you report a bug on the site, please add a string "OTS" to your bug description (example: http://crbug.com/27131).

You might want to read this article before submitting a bug report: http://dev.chromium.org/for-testers/bug-reporting-guidelines.

=Known issues=

http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/list?can=2&q=OTS

=Unsupported fonts=

The following fonts are known to trigger parser errors. ots doesn't produce a  transcoded font for these fonts.

 * Required table(s) are missing (e.g. OS/2 table).
  * !AppleGothic.ttf, !AppleMyungjo.ttf, ArialHB.ttf, ArialHBBold.ttf, Corsiva.ttf, !CorsivaBold.ttf, !InaiMathi.ttf, NISC18030.ttf, NewPeninimMT.ttf, NewPeninimMTBold.ttf, NewPeninimMTBoldInclined.ttf, NewPeninimMTInclined.ttf, Raanana.ttf, !RaananaBold.ttf
 * The length field of a table is weird.
  * homa.ttf, nazli.ttf, titr.ttf, ume-tgc4.ttf, ume-tgs4.ttf, ume-tgc5.ttf, ume-tgs5.ttf, ume-tms3.ttf
 * Table(s) are not 4-byte aligned.
  * Un fonts (e.g. !UnBatang.ttf, !UnDotum.ttf, !UnBom.ttf, !UnGraphic.ttf, !UnGungseo.ttf, !UnJamoBatang.ttf, !UnJamoDotum.ttf, !UnJamoNovel.ttf, !UnJamoSora.ttf, !UnPen.ttf, !UnPenheulim.ttf, !UnPilgi.ttf, !UnShinmun.ttf, !UnTaza.ttf, !UnYetgul.ttf)
 * Tables are not sorted by table tags.
  * f500.ttf
 * non-ASCII characters are used in a table tag
  * SyrCOM fonts (e.g. SyrCOMMalankara.otf)
 * Malformed SFNT table; unexpected entry selector
  * misakimn.ttf, misaki.ttf
 * Malformed CMAP table; Subtables are not sorted by platform ID, then by encoding ID.
  * ani.ttf, Caliban.ttf
 * Malformed CMAP table; Entries in a 3-0-4 or 3-1-4 subtable are not sorted.
  * !LucidaSansOblique.ttf, !LucidaTypewriterOblique.ttf, bkai00mp.ttf, bsmi00lp.ttf, modelwor.ttf
 * Malformed CMAP table; "search range" in a 3-0-4 or 3-1-4 subtable are invalid.
  * cmmi10.ttf, cmsy10.ttf, msam10.ttf
 * Malformed CMAP table; The 3-10-12 table is too short.
  * BPG_Chveulebrivi.ttf, BPG_Chveulebrivi_bold.ttf
 * Unsupported CMAP table; ots doesn't support non-Unicode fonts.
  * Apple Symbols.ttf, 儷宋 Pro.ttf, 儷黑 Pro.ttf, 华文仿宋.ttf, 华文宋体.ttf, 华文楷体.ttf, 华文细黑.ttf, 华文黑体.ttf
 * Unsupported CMAP table; The Unicode BMP table is missing, while the UCS-4 table is available.
  * !DroidSansJapanese.ttf, !DroidSansFallback.ttf
 * Malformed GLYF table; The content of flags[] array and the lengths of xCoordinates[], yCoordinates[] are inconsistent.
  * !DecoTypeNaskh.ttf
 * Malformed POST table; A glyph index in the reserved area (>= 32768) is specified.
  * wqy-zenhei.ttf, unifont.ttf
 * Malformed HMTX table; The table is too short.
  * mona.ttf
 * Unsupported CFF table; "supplemental encoding" is not supported at the moment. This should be fixed in the future.
  * Walbf`___`.otf